update react-intl doc links (#98)
folio-org/stripes: doc/i18n.md

...
const message = <FormattedMessage id="the.message.id" values={{ value: "Flying Squirrel" }} />;
```

> If you need an actual string rather than a React.Node, as for an `aria-label` attribute, use the [injectIntl HOC](https://formatjs.io/docs/react-intl/api#injection-api) or `stripes-core`'s `<IntlConsumer>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need an actual string rather than a React.Node, as for an `aria-label` attribute, use the [useIntl hook](https://formatjs.io/docs/react-intl/api/#useintl-hook), the [injectIntl HOC](https://formatjs.io/docs/react-intl/api#injection-api) or `stripes-core`'s `<IntlConsumer>`:
```

Reviewer: I know you mention it a few lines down, but I think calling it out specifically here for this usage makes sense.

### IntlConsumer component

> For cases where multiple translated strings are necessary, `stripes-core` provides an `<IntlConsumer>` component for accessing methods found on the `intl` object from `react-intl`. This gives module developers an additional declarative way to add translations to their JSX. It allows access to the `intl.formatMessage` method without having to depend directly on HOC:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cases where multiple translated strings are necessary, `stripes-core` provides an `<IntlConsumer>` component for accessing methods found on the `intl` object from `react-intl`. This gives module developers an additional declarative way to add translations to their JSX. It allows access to the `intl.formatMessage` method without having to wrap their component in an HOC.
```

I think the grammar is off here but 🤷
